Fix several typos (#534)
FuelLabs/fuelup: docs/src/developer_guide/building_a_channel.md

### Manual

> There may be times when we need a channel for a one-off event eg. testnets. During these events, we do not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There may be times when we need a channel for a one-off event e.g. testnets. During these events, we do not
```
